Added WebSocket migration documentation, pointing to existing WebSock… (#10542)
eclipse/jetty.project: documentation/jetty-documentation/src/main/asciidoc/programming-guide/migration/migration-11-to-12.adoc

[[pg-migration-11-to-12-api-changes]]
==== APIs Changes

===== `HttpClient`

The Jetty 11 `Request.onResponseContentDemanded(Response.DemandedContentListener)` API has been replaced by `Request.onResponseContentSource(Response.ContentSourceListener)` in Jetty 12.

However, also look at `Request.onResponseContentAsync(Response.AsyncContentListener)` and `Request.onResponseContent(Response.ContentListener)` for simpler usages.

The Jetty 11 model was a "demand+push" model: the application was demanding content; when the content was available, the implementation was pushing content to the application by calling `DemandedContentListener.onContent(Response, LongConsumer, ByteBuffer, Callback)` for every content chunk.

The Jetty 12 model is a "demand+pull" model: when the content is available, the implementation calls once `Response.ContentSourceListener.onContentSource(Content.Source)`; the application can then pull the content chunks from the `Content.Source`.

For more information about the new model, see xref:pg-arch-io-content-source[this section].

===== WebSocket

> The Jetty WebSocket APIs have been vastly simplified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jetty WebSocket APIs have been simplified and brought in line with the style of other APIs.
```

The Jetty 12 WebSocket APIs are now fully asynchronous, so the Jetty 11 `SuspendToken` class has been removed in favor of an explicit (or automatic) demand mechanism in Jetty 12 (for more information, refer to xref:pg-websocket-endpoints-demand[this section]).

The various Jetty 11 `WebSocket*Listener` interfaces have been replaced by a single interface in Jetty 12, `Session.Listener.AutoDemanding` (for more information, refer to xref:pg-websocket-endpoints-listener[this section]).

The Jetty 11 `RemoteEndpoint` APIs have been merged into the `Session` APIs in Jetty 12.

> The Jetty 11 `WriteCallback` class has been renamed to just `Callback` in Jetty 12, because it is now also used when receiving binary data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jetty 11 `WriteCallback` class has been renamed to just `Callback` in Jetty 12, because it is now also used when receiving binary data.  However, it is still a different interface to the `org.eclipse.jetty.util.Callback` interface, which cannot be used due to class loader visibility issues.
```

On the server-side, the Jetty WebSocket APIs have been made independent of the Servlet APIs.

Jetty 11 `JettyWebSocketServerContainer` has been replaced by `ServerWebSocketContainer` in Jetty 12, with similar APIs (for more information, refer to xref:pg-server-websocket-jetty[this section]).

> On the client-side the `WebSocketClient` APIs are practically unchanged, as most of the changes come from the `HttpClient` changes described above.

Reviewer: This reads as a bullet list, so it might be more readable as such rather than as paragraphs.
